most apple iphone users will be familiar
with the brilliant Google Maps
application but things have got better
now you can download Google Earth to
your iPhone and just like the PC and Mac
application it allows you to explore the
entire globe now you will need a speedy
data connection so it's worth using this
in a Wi-Fi hotspot rather than relying
on 3g but once you've got that data
connection you can use the iphones
built-in gps to locate yourself jump
across options if necessary to get there
and then revel in this incredible
satellite imagery now the animation is
is very slick particularly considering
the limited processing power of the
iphone and of course it makes the most
of the iphones multi-touch interface so
you can zoom right into these incredibly
detailed satellite shots at street level
move around pinch to zoom out and even
use the iphones accelerometer so you're
looking straight down at the moment if
you want to look up and see the horizon
simply hold the iphone up and and it
will show you it now this isn't the only
way to see the horizon but it's it's a
pretty cool way of doing it you can also
use two fingers to do the same thing and
then of course you're free to fly around
this landscape and access all the
information that's overlaid on it
including Wikipedia entries and
photographs of the local area it's a
great way to get to know all about the
earth and it's also one of the coolest
iPhone apps out there and just like the
mac and pc version it's totally free so
there's really nothing to stop you go
and visit the app store now download it
and get ready to fly around the world